!_TAG_FILE_ENCODING	utf-8	//
cmp-nvim-lua-cmp-nvim-lua	cmp-nvim-lua.md	/# cmp-nvim-lua
cmp-nvim-lua-include-deprecated-boolean-default-false	cmp-nvim-lua.md	/### `include_deprecated` (boolean: default false)
cmp-nvim-lua-options	cmp-nvim-lua.md	/# Options
cmp-nvim-lua-setup	cmp-nvim-lua.md	/# Setup
cmp-nvim-lua-what-is-this-source	cmp-nvim-lua.md	/# What is this source?
cmp_luasnip-cmp-luasnip	cmp_luasnip.md	/# cmp_luasnip
nvim-ts-autotag-default-values	nvim-ts-autotag.md	/## Default values
nvim-ts-autotag-enable-update-on-insert	nvim-ts-autotag.md	/### Enable update on insert
nvim-ts-autotag-nvim-ts-autotag	nvim-ts-autotag.md	/# nvim-ts-autotag
nvim-ts-autotag-override-default-values	nvim-ts-autotag.md	/### Override default values
nvim-ts-autotag-setup	nvim-ts-autotag.md	/## Setup
nvim-ts-autotag-sponsor	nvim-ts-autotag.md	/## Sponsor
nvim-ts-autotag-usage	nvim-ts-autotag.md	/## Usage
nvim-web-devicons-contributing	nvim-web-devicons.md	/## Contributing
nvim-web-devicons-get-all-icons	nvim-web-devicons.md	/### Get all icons
nvim-web-devicons-get-icon	nvim-web-devicons.md	/### Get Icon
nvim-web-devicons-get-icon-and-color-code	nvim-web-devicons.md	/### Get icon and color code
nvim-web-devicons-getting-icons-by-filetype	nvim-web-devicons.md	/### Getting icons by filetype
nvim-web-devicons-installation	nvim-web-devicons.md	/## Installation
nvim-web-devicons-notice	nvim-web-devicons.md	/# Notice
nvim-web-devicons-nvim-web-devicons	nvim-web-devicons.md	/# Nvim-web-devicons
nvim-web-devicons-requirements	nvim-web-devicons.md	/## Requirements
nvim-web-devicons-set-an-icon	nvim-web-devicons.md	/### Set an icon
nvim-web-devicons-setup	nvim-web-devicons.md	/### Setup
nvim-web-devicons-usage	nvim-web-devicons.md	/## Usage
nvim-web-devicons-variants	nvim-web-devicons.md	/### Variants